Add build / dev_chain docs (#44)
galacticcouncil/HydraDX-docs: docs/build_node_setup.md

---
id: build_node_setup
title: Set up a development node
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> This section runs you through the process of setting up a local HydraDX node for development. 

Reviewer: Is it really just "setting up a local HydraDX node for development"? 
The process creates a complete dev chains where multiple nodes could interact with.
@jak-pan  WDYT?

Reviewer 2: local HydraDX chain instance for development?

> This section runs you through the process of setting up a local HydraDX node for development. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section runs you through the process of setting up a local HydraDX chain instance for development. 
```

:::note
Are you looking to set up a node for validation purposes? Please move to our [validator setup guide](/node_setup).
:::

## 01 Install dependencies

To prepare a local HydraDX node for development, your machine needs to cover all dependencies for running a Substrate node. You will need to install a Rust developer environment and make sure that it is configured properly for compiling Substrate runtime code to the WebAssembly (Wasm) target.

You can install and configure all dependencies manually following the [Substrate guide](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/getting-started), or you could let this script do all the work for you:

```bash
$ curl https://getsubstrate.io -sSf | bash -s -- --fast
$ source ~/.cargo/env
```

## 02 Build

Build the Wasm and native execution environments:

```bash
# Fetch source of the latest stable release
$ git clone https://github.com/galacticcouncil/HydraDX-node -b stable

# Build the binary
$ cd HydraDX-node/
$ cargo build --release
```

You should be able to find the build under `./target/release/hydra-dx`.

## 03 Run

> Before running your build you can purge any existing development chains on your node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running your build you can purge any existing development chains on your machine:
```
I would say "on your machine" because chain data isn't stored inside the node directory.

Reviewer 2: This only applies if you ran dev mode before and you are making some changes. If you're developing, you'll probably do this often.
